possible causes
    NMI between data and cmd, ISR reads status, resetting phase and breaking non-INT cmd sequence
        I have abort()s in there and they're not firing
    NMI between data and cmd, ISR issues data and cmd, sending a broken cmd and breaking non-INT cmd sequence
        I have a check to make sure I'm not getting SECOND in other mode from FIRST and that's not firing
    I'm issuing the interrupt long after I'm setting the status bit
    I'm decoding VDP data writes wrong and decoding one extra byte
    I'm decoding VDP data writes wrong and missing a byte
    I'm not implementing a mask of some kind on the interrupt inside the VDP

TODO
move vdp_int and coinc bits to VDP status byte, test them there, return that byte and clear on read
implement fifth sprite check & status register content
make IO read/write decoding match schematic

No known issues or very minor issues but need to verify against Youtube or real thing or another simulator
    Miner 2049er
    Q-bert
    Donkey Kong
    Donkey Kong Jr.
    Zaxxon
    Smurf
    Mr. Do!
    Roc 'N Rope
    Burgertime 1983 prototype
    Burgertime
    Choplifter!
    Moon Patrol [Prototype A1]
    Spy Hunter Prototype
    Spy Hunter
    Popeye
        strange high-pitched whistle when there seems like there should be a rest between notes during play
    Pitfall II - Lost Caverns
        a little chirping during soundtrack - am I not doing silencing correctly?
    Super Cross Force
        there's no animation during explosion - is that normal?
    Beamrider
        stars show up after dying - is that normal?
    Defender
    Dig Dug

Works with minor issues
    Jungle Hunt
        incorrect rendering of vines
        lots of garbage on swimming screen - wrong 8x8s fetched, wrong sprites?
    Pitfall!
        corrupted sprites, corrupted backgrounds
        after dying, "Activision" scrolls in some tiles, and sometimes those are replicated in random other places and scrolling
        so I'd guess corrupted write addresses for VRAM, but could it be corrupted write data?

Known serious issues preventing game play
    Frogger - hangs at initial screen with one note playing continuously - doesn't detect VBLANK / VDP?
        WONTFIX - don't know what's going on here, need to disassemble

Wontfix
    Slither - requires Roller Controller (trackball)

Unknown
    Super Action Controller Test Cartridge (1983) (Nuvatec).rom


Maybe 2 or 3 bugs:
    * controller read issues, e.g. Defender, Dig Dug, Slither
    * rendering at least one video mode incorrectly, e.g. Jungle Hunt, Pitfall
    * some kind of failure to read interrupt, e.g. Frogger

need to line up VDP interrupt and scanout more correctly - I think this is what's causing corruption in Jungle Hunt swimming - do scanout to texture every 16.67ms of simulation time

make different scanout code for different modes & then sprite code
